fix: made necessary changes to docusaurus (#123)
anitab-org/anitab-forms-web: docs/README.md

This command generates static content into the `build` directory and can be served using any static contents hosting service.

> **Note**: You can use `npm run serve` to test your build locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: You can use `yarn serve` to test your build locally.
```

Author: @codesankalp could you pls explain why I should replace `npm run serve` with `yarn serve` ? I don't see much difference in it, but I guess `yarn` is much faster than `npm`.

Reviewer: @ashwinijha6 You have added the same note line twice. As the first few lines of the README include `yarn start`, `yarn build` etc.. then according to the flow there should be `yarn serve` for testing the build locally.
I think it is a valid reason.

Author: Yes that was on purpose @codesankalp. I can do one thing that is change the command after `yarn build` to `yarn serve` & let the second command after `npm run build` be as it is OR remove the second command. What do you think?
